c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.Domain.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.Services.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.Domain.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.Services.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.mocks.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\pnunit.framework.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\AsyncCtpLibrary.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.pdb
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.xml
c:\users\apasco\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimpleBlog_MVC4\SimpleBlog_MVC4.UnitTests\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
